/* One-time pad log



Version 4.2     Set bounds on user seed entry for  extra input safety  (if users
                typed garbage, remaining are skipped and RNG got zeros.) Updated
                "How to run/executable with g++."  Aesthetics: file overwriting.
                Added reminder of time to wait after seed entry.
                Wednesday, April 21 2021

Version 4.1     Good key overwriting (ONLY EFFECTIVE FOR HARD DISK DRIVES, modern flash and SSD devices will
                combine data with existing data then relocate that discernable combination, and they come with
                more memory than is displayed to prolong its life but cut out on security--don't use phones or
                fancy equipment.) Overwrites key files with all zeros (bits) then all ones (bits.) Each pass is
                separate, writing 100,000 bytes twice, then writes the truncated key file back (without consumed.)
                Using in_stream.eof() instead of the end-null for key files (users may now open the key files using
                any text editor if they wish--null prevented that.) Minor improvements, many small changes.
                Shortened the "Input invisible" messages to exclude the half-fix for OSes other than GNU+Linux.
                I do not build weapons just so they can run on garbage. It's GNU+Linux, old stuff, & embedded only!
                Thursday, January 14 2021

Version 4       Added automatic message size handling (big deal,) max msg is now 79 char (width of terminal -1.)
                Combined OTP with femtOTP (ingested "Get keys" from my femtOTP.) Removed testing_mode in option
                4 (20m gen time,) kept fast key gen for testing in option 3--the new option from femtOTP. Lightly
                refactored, re-structured, simplified. Using in_stream.fail() instead of sniffed_one_file_... and
                whatever target ending. This means corrupting symmetry.entanglement no longer works, must remove
                file as instructed. Key files now removed if empty, not overwritten with null. Otherwise--as usual--
                truncated. By the way, you can effortlessly produce messages as files and handle that for decrypt.
                I should mention that each and every released version of each and every program I offer is ready,
                well-tested, randomness distribution checked, randomness inspected, all files and strings inspected,
                functional, and fucking perfect. Fucking perfect! See something you like in the versions? Let me
                know and I'll temporarily publish it on my five-transistor alphabet soup of a website:
                https://txti.es/compromise/evident
                Saturday, January 09 2021

Version 3.1     Tiny polishing. Removed redundant ifs for sniffing symmetry.entanglement files.
                Initial init of key file null bookmarks is 160 just in case, worst case: whole key
                file depleted BUT NO seg fault, plus because certain compiler versions complain (they are
                uncertain that in_stream will init n inside if() inside in_stream loop at run-time.) Safe catch!
                Made to mostly mirror femtOTP - the tiny version. Both are excellent this way so far.
                Utilizing 2 sweet spots between excessive key file quantity and insufficient key file size.
                (2,560 100k-char key-bunches in OTP, and 100 32k-char key-bunches in femtOTP.) #s constantly
                change as the user encrypts/decrypts and so the average read/write & processing is optimal.
                Sunday, December 20 2020

Version 3       Complete rebuild! After v2.1.1, I built femtOTP - fast & lightweight One-time pad.
                This is essentially femtOTP but with some changes--the perfect pad. It's so good,
                I had changed the decsription here to: OTP - fast & plentiful One-time pad. Number
                of outgoing msg/user now = 1,600,000. table_private[] is type char @ 512,000,000.
                2,560 keys per incoming/outgoing channel. Keys are 100,000 characters. Added to RNG.
                If option 3 but keys present, end. If file symmetry.entanglement present, channel names
                swap for that user (only one user retains this file.) Better user-safety. Folder-ization.
                Greatly-reduced passing to other types. Old version is ok if you like over-the-top
                overwriting of key files. It is now fast but complex, used to be simple but slow.
                Additional motivations for the message quantity increase: space missions.
                Saturday, December 19 2020

Version 2.1.1   Added permission requirement if generating keys while keys already exist.
                Added quick-testing ability (users modify code) for those who need faster key gen.
                Sunday, December 13 2020

Version 2.1     Replaced certain tabs with spaces to align code where formatting is problematic
                (github and pastebin have problems with this while Coliru shines bright! Why?)
                Minor structure changes.
                Monday, December 07 2020

Version 2       Ciphertext is now 80 characters rather than 160 digits. Minor improvements.
                Added message on key reuse/transformation--perfect secrecy would be reduced
                to guaranteed decryption difficulty as the number of plausible messages per
                ciphertext begins to narrow.
                Monday, November 16 2020

Version 1.1     Comments, added vital notes on input safety for disordered/un-sent ciphertext.
                Wendesday, Novenber 4 2020

Version 1       OTP.cpp became available after writing citizen5_comm.cpp - a fixer for a file
                of randomness shared in private as an emergency, and this OTP did not yet exist.
                ~Late September 2020

Origin          Back in July 2019, I started a project called pq - semiprime-based encryption.
                The key transformation there was what I though to be surely powerful, and sure
                enough, I accidentally re-discovered the One-time pad... Which I then used to
                prove the the existence of decryption difficulty by stepping down from perfect
                secrecy or the all-way function.
                    pq was quite the beast with impressive quirks, here is a basic description:
                "Single prime key, no shared factors. Decrypted files don't reveal user keys or
                other files. A random string is branded with your data in base ten, adjusted for
                primality, and multiplied by a new prime that is a transformation of your key.
                The semiprime is then obfuscated with a similar process. Every semiprime comes
                with a new additive (transformation determinant) that was used in the tranformation
                process and your key is a 5,000-digit prime."
                    pq has been abandoned in favor of this OTP and its future versions with key
                reuse & transformation--guaranteeing decryption difficulty without pq complexity. */
