Prerequisite: proof on github.com/compromise-evident/OTP
Recall that number five on page two is only conjecture. One-way functions--and
even multi-way, which are NOT steps down from all-way functions--are still up
for discussion.


Here, you are made aware of the landscape between a solution and its farthest
point of attack because the farthest point of attack is where the solution came
from--perfect secrecy. Taking quantifiable steps down from there gives you
the engineered solution of your choice. And now you rest assured knowing the
adversary must do the same beginning with unknowns. Given that there are no
mathematical METHODS of breaking perfect secrecy, you can say that there are
no mathematical SHORTCUTS to degradation originating from perfect secrecy.


So far, considering that landscape makes classification easy. Now try and
become aware of solutions to ONE-way functions, and THEIR farthest point of
attack. Where is this landscape? Is it actually needed to prove anything?
My conjecture states that this is a difficulty of its own.


You can attempt to make a clever argument and focus on the process of making
one-way functions. Random solutions are generated first then obfuscated to form
a function. Given that it's comparable to maze construction where you begin with
a functional pathway then add faulty distractions, you'd think a good argument
might say that all solutions can be listed in order, beginning with the weakest
string of all zeros. Are any landscapes visible so far? Not even close. As you
navigate through this list you are instead faced with a NEW function for each
and every movement--to which you have one solution, and no clue about its farthest
point of attack. My conjecture states that in order to know the farthest point of
attack, you must pinpoint the perfectly-secret origin of a solution, then describe
the path leading away, to a weaker state of that same solution--what I call a
step-down or multi-way function since you are stepping down from the all-way
function or perfect secrecy--such as key reuse or transformation in a One-time pad.


And you can keep making attempts at clever arguments that lead nowhere. Upon
brute-forcing the multi-way functions in the proof, you begin with guess keys
for the perfectly-secret origin in order to determine the usefulness of one step
before you check the next one--within a key transformation. Given that you may
begin with any guess key, you'd think another good argument might say that
rather than pinpointing secret origin of one-way functions, you can instead
begin somewhere in between and say that the solution and its farthest point
of attack is on this landscape--somewhere in this set or style. But again,
my conjecture states that you cannot prove the existence of such a landscape
without first describing its farthest, most chaotic wall and boundary.
Whatever the style or sets of styles of attack against one-way functions,
you must show where the most useless attacks are gathered, where the
remaining landscape naturally adjusts and formats those attacks
from there until you have a reproducible path to the solution.


This brings us so close to proving that one-way functions truly are--out of
the question--and that generally speaking, they're pretty safe for everyday
applications. But something's incomplete so #5 on page 2 remains conjecture.
